DEVDOCS-2454: Add Strong Customer Auth to FAQ (#939)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/payments/payments-api-overview.md

**Are offline payment methods supported?**
The Payments API processes credit card payments through supported payment gateways; it does not expose methods for processing [offline payment methods](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Offline-Payment-Methods) such as cash on delivery.

**Is Strong Customer Authentication supported?**

> Payment gateways that use 3D Secure meet the EU's Strong Customer Authentication regulation requirements. To see which BigCommerce supported payment gateways use 3D Secure, refer to [Available Payment Gateways](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Available-Payment-Gateways#all-available) in the [Help Center](https://support.bigcommerce.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payment gateways that use 3D Secure meet the EU's Strong Customer Authentication regulation requirements. To see which BigCommerce supported payment gateways use 3D Secure, refer to the Help Center's [Available Payment Gateways](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Available-Payment-Gateways#all-available) page.
```
